{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11180\viewh11700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Andrea Cerrilla\
February 19, 2013\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 Travel Journal: Necessary 3rd Party Extensions\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
- 
\b BuddyPress
\b0 : Social networking in a box. \cf2 \cb3 BuddyPress lets users sign-up and start creating profiles, posting messages, making connections, creating and interacting in groups, and much more. A social network in a box, BuddyPress lets you easily build a community for your company, school, sports team, or other niche community.\
- 
\b Magic Posts: 
\b0 Create custom post types and custom fields with scaffolds. \
- 
\b Fullscreen Galleria: 
\b0 A simple fullscreen gallery to WorldPress. *GPS Coordinates can show. \
- 
\b WOW Slider: 
\b0 WordPress slider with stunning visual effects and tons of professionally made templates. WOW Slider is packed with a point-and-click wizard to create fantastic image sliders in a matter of seconds without coding and image editing. Responsive, fully accessible as a pure CSS slider if the Javascript is turned off, touch swipe support, all browsers, all devices, search engine friendly, clean and valid markup.\
- 
\b Kontrol Developer Kit: 
\b0 an advanced WordPress plugin for developers. Create custom CMS sites quickly and easily using advanced custom fields, custom post types, custom taxonomies, admin menu editors, SEO and much more through an easy to use interface.\
-
\b  Share: 
\b0 The most easy plugin to insert social share links in the bottom of each post.\

\b - Geo Tag: 
\b0 adds location information to your posts and pages. \
- 
\b WP-Routes Plugin or Google Maps GPX Viewer: 
\b0 add routes to posts and pages.  \
- 
\b Leaflet Maps Marker: 
\b0 Maps Marker allows you to pin, organize and share your favorite spots through your WordPress powered site easily. You can use maps from OpenStreetMap, Google Maps, Google Earth, Bing Maps or custom maps and additionally display your spots in innovative ways like through augmented-reality browsers.\
\
}